alright folks precision board here's the
last of this look yep got my battery
here got battery there two batteries
under their pain last night I realize I
can have another battery in here that
guy was sitting in my shit go and
rebuild
back seat it's coming out those are
going in going back in the damp get
skinny children it's always weird when
you take all your audio out one's
fucking shit load in there making out of
space you have in there whenever it's
all out on now dude there's actually a
lot of space in this little fucker
hey what going on top of the tool box on
the shelf
you
all right people he got dark as fuck we
have pretty much got this done we didn't
have any more time to to mess with it
I'm sorry I had to take pictures but
it's just really hard to stop when
you're in it you know you're in the
middle of shit and you just like the
video shit so I tried to grab some
pictures check this shit out here's
what's going down that's forward now
battery box my little guys on the top
like that clusterfuck of wires it's like
I don't know what's fucking deal with
the man I don't really have time to fuck
with it check this awesomeness out yeah
I got hinges on here so we could lift it
up I put bus bars me and my buddy he did
a lot of this shit man he's really good
with this got busbars running man those
are a pain in the ass to drill those
holes perfect and get them lined up a
pain in the ass but I'm all hooked got a
bunch of wires running under here just
to keep it prettier on the top no my
battery charger hooked up down there
kick in but I got five batteries in
there and I have one of those under my
hood check this out for bass boxing you
got to have speakers externally my buddy
built that just a shitbox man he just
built this to uh just to do it like you
just did it one night just for the hell
of it those are all bows like or not
both sorry clips house speakers there's
46 and a half's and then there's like
two a little bit smaller like tweeters
in the middle six all together cut that
bitch hooked up here pretty screaming oh
god I got to put my infinities that i
was using this wasn't enough cone space
for my my class I had to have more than
that so we got that I'm gonna put these
in my door
I get ready for slam ology next weekend
I put new longer wire this is my speaker
wire for gage I got eight coming off my
two subs this box was facing up well
since the holes are already here you
know it looks like dog shit but I need
to try my subs facing back see if it was
louder I'm pretty sure it is i haven't
had time to stick it on my term lab yet
i've been busy as shit oh you know how
to do family shit and this and that but
uh yeah pretty badass I don't have time
to turn on right now plus my batteries
I'm trying to get kicking all right but
um I will let you hear it don't worry